# Balabrooie

Built by Aga Ali Asker, a very famous persian horse trader. Lord Cubbon asked Ali Asker to build mansions in exchange for land. Ali Asker refused and bought land and built the Mansions anyway.

Both of them enjoyed horse riding. This place has been residence to MK Gandhi, Nehru, Rabindranath Tagore and Lord Cubbon. The plaque outside room 5 on the lower floor has an inscription indicating that Rabindranath Tagore was resident there. This place has century old trees and its beautiful to walk around. Each room feels like a different era. The size of the restrooms are huge. One of the restrooms even echoes. Its kinda fascinating how the toilets have adequate space to air but at the same time amplifies or echoes all the sounds that happens in the toilet. It must be a nightmare to clean and maintain a floor alone. In the dark, it was scary. Each room leads into an other room and then into another room and it's quite easy to get lost initially. The first floor employes an enfilade design,that I look forward to learning more about. The Balconey overlooking the side nursery also is beside a jackfruit tree laden with giant unplucked jackfruits. The view where one can enter from the side, is magnificent. The white and green stripes on the window shades, neatly laid road, trees and nurseries, its a beautiful sight to behold.

The front of the building also overlooks a surrounding garden. The kind of history this place bears, it's marvelous how there's very little grandeur there is in its subtle regality that has withstood all these years. The stories about the place being haunted or vastu being off. I've noticed none of. The echo in the restroom is a little scary is all. 
